Upload logs to S3

Before using this role, create at least one bucket and set up
appropriate access controls or lifecycle events.  This role will not
automatically create buckets.

This role requires the ``boto3`` Python package to be
installed in the Ansible environment on the Zuul executor.

**Role Variables**

.. zuul:rolevar:: zuul_site_upload_logs
   :default: true

   Controls when logs are uploaded. true, the default, means always
   upload logs. false means never upload logs. 'failure' means to only
   upload logs when the job has failed.

   .. note:: Intended to be set by admins via site-variables.

.. zuul:rolevar:: zuul_log_partition
   :default: false

   If set to true, then the first component of the log path will be
   removed from the object name and added to the bucket name, so that
   logs for different changes are distributed across a large number of
   buckets.

.. zuul:rolevar:: zuul_log_bucket

   This role *will not* create buckets which do not already exist.  If
   partitioning is not enabled, this is the name of the bucket which
   will be used.  If partitioning is enabled, then this will be used
   as the prefix for the bucket name which will be separated from the
   partition name by an underscore.  For example, "logs_42" would be
   the bucket name for partition 42.

   Note that you will want to set this to a value that uniquely
   identifies your Zuul installation.

.. zuul:rolevar:: zuul_log_bucket_public
   :default: true

   Set to false to make logs private.

.. zuul:rolevar:: zuul_log_path
   :default: Generated by the role `set-zuul-log-path-fact`

   Prepend this path to the object names when uploading.

.. zuul:rolevar:: zuul_log_create_indexes
   :default: true

   Whether to create `index.html` files with directory indexes.

.. zuul:rolevar:: upload_logs_s3_endpoint

   The endpoint to use when uploading logs to an s3 compatible
   service.  By default this will be automatically constructed by boto
   but should be set when working with non-aws hosted s3 service.

Conventional authentication

To authenticate with a conventional AWS access key and secret, supply
the following two variables:

.. zuul:rolevar:: zuul_log_aws_access_key

   AWS access key to use.

.. zuul:rolevar:: zuul_log_aws_secret_key

   AWS secret key for the AWS access key.

OIDC federated authentication

It is also possible to authenticate usinc OIDC, including using Zuul
as an ID provider with Zuul's OIDC token secrets feature.  Use the
following variables to do so:

.. zuul:rolevar:: zuul_log_aws_idc_role_arn

   The ARN of the AWS role to assume when authenticating.

.. zuul:rolevar:: zuul_log_aws_oidc_token

   The token issued by the federated IDP.  If the IDP is Zuul, this
   should be the token secret.

.. zuul:rolevar:: zuul_log_aws_oidc_session_name
   :default: zuul

   The AWS session name.  Defaults to "zuul".

.. zuul:rolevar:: zuul_log_aws_oidc_token_duration
   :default: 3600

   This value is used when requeting the temporary token from AWS and
   indicates the requested lifetime of that token.  Defaults to one
   hour.
